Updates to Readme (#271)
facebookresearch/habitat-sim: README.md

To run the above benchmarks on your machine, see instructions in the [examples](#examples) section.

## Installation

### Docker Image

We provide a pre-built docker container for habitat-api and habitat-sim, refer to [habitat-docker-setup](https://github.com/facebookresearch/habitat-api#docker-setup).

### From Source

> We highly recommend installing an [Anaconda](https://www.anaconda.com/distribution/#download-section) environment (note: python>=3.6 is required). Once you have Anaconda installed, here are the instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We highly recommend installing an [miniconda](https://docs.conda.io/en/latest/miniconda.html) or [Anaconda](https://www.anaconda.com/distribution/#download-section) environment (note: python>=3.6 is required). Once you have Anaconda installed, here are the instructions.
```

Add pointer to miniconda -- it is much lighter weight to install and we don't need everything in pre-packaged anaconda.

1. Clone this github repository. 
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/facebookresearch/habitat-sim.git
   cd habitat-sim
   ```

1. Install Dependencies 
  
    Common
   ```bash
   # We require python>=3.6 and cmake>=3.10
   conda create -n habitat python=3.6 cmake=3.14.0
   conda activate habitat
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

    Linux (Tested with Ubuntu 18.04 with gcc 7.4.0)

>    ```bash

Reviewer: Can we add a comment like `These are fairly ubiquitous packages and your system likely has them already`?  I don't want people to see something that requires `sudo` and stopping right there.

1. Build Habitat-Sim 

    Default build (for machines with a display attached)
   ```bash
   # Assuming we're still within conda habitat environment
   python setup.py install
   ```

    For headless systems (i.e. without an attached display, e.g. in a cluster) and multiple GPU systems
   ```bash
   python setup.py install --headless
   ```

    For systems with CUDA (to build CUDA features)
   ```bash
   python setup.py install --with-cuda
   ```

   (Under development) With physics simulation via [Bullet Physics SDK](https://github.com/bulletphysics/bullet3/): 
   First, install [Bullet Physics](https://github.com/bulletphysics/bullet3/). Next use
   ```bash
   python setup.py install --bullet    # build habitat with bullet physics
   ```

   Note: some Linux distributions might require an additional `--user` flag to deal with permission issues. 

1. [Optional] For use with [Habitat-API](https://github.com/facebookresearch/habitat-api) and your own python code, add habitat-sim to your `PYTHONPATH`. For example modify your `.bashrc` (or `.bash_profile` in Mac OS X) file by adding the line:

>    ```bash

Reviewer: Not needed for the `setup.py install` method

1. Build Habitat-Sim 

    Default build (for machines with a display attached)
   ```bash
   # Assuming we're still within habitat conda environment
   python setup.py install
   ```

    For headless systems (i.e. without an attached display, e.g. in a cluster) and multiple GPU systems
   ```bash
   python setup.py install --headless
   ```

    For systems with CUDA (to build CUDA features)
   ```bash
   python setup.py install --with-cuda
   ```

   (Under development) With physics simulation via [Bullet Physics SDK](https://github.com/bulletphysics/bullet3/): 
   First, install [Bullet Physics](https://github.com/bulletphysics/bullet3/). Next use
   ```bash
   python setup.py install --bullet    # build habitat with bullet physics
   ```

   Note1: some Linux distributions might require an additional `--user` flag to deal with permission issues. 
   
   Note2: for active development in Habitat, you might find `./build.sh` instead of `python setup.py install` more useful. 

> 1. [Optional; Needed only with `build.sh`] For use with [Habitat-API](https://github.com/facebookresearch/habitat-api) and your own python code, add habitat-sim to your `PYTHONPATH`. For example modify your `.bashrc` (or `.bash_profile` in Mac OS X) file by adding the line:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [Only if using `build.sh`] For use with [Habitat-API](https://github.com/facebookresearch/habitat-api) and your own python code, add habitat-sim to your `PYTHONPATH`. For example modify your `.bashrc` (or `.bash_profile` in Mac OS X) file by adding the line:
```

Doing that can actually cause things to break when using `setup.py install` as sometimes the python code and bindings will get out of sync without you realizing and/or the bindings won't get picked up at all.

## Common testing issues

- If you are running on a remote machine and experience display errors when initializing the simulator, e.g.
   ```bash
    X11: The DISPLAY environment variable is missing
    Could not initialize GLFW
   ```

  ensure you do not have `DISPLAY` defined in your environment (run `unset DISPLAY` to undefine the variable)

- If you see libGL errors like: 

   ```bash
    X11: The DISPLAY environment variable is missing
    Could not initialize GLFW
   ```

    chances are your libGL is located at a non-standard location. See e.g. [this issue](https://askubuntu.com/questions/541343/problems-with-libgl-fbconfigs-swrast-through-each-update). 

## Rendering to GPU Tensors

We support transfering rendering results directly to a [PyTorch](https://pytorch.org/) tensor via CUDA-GL Interop.
This feature is built by when Habitat-Sim is compiled with CUDA, i.e. built with `--with-cuda`.  To enable it, set the
`gpu2gpu_transfer` flag of the sensor specification(s) to `True`

> 

Reviewer 2: Using `./build.sh` for development is important part.

Reviewer: Seconded.  Due to silliness with c++ libraries and python,  `pytest` doesn't work with the `python setup.py install` build method.

Author: Agreed. I wasn't suggesting removing build.sh. I was only suggesting dropping this separation between "Quick Install" and "Developer Install". 

I'll add the information about "build.sh" back in the readme.
